We have to make a website compatible to use in different types of
devices like android,iphone,ipad,windows,mac,surface book,flip and fold phones,etc....

We have to provide good user experience...  to all of our users.

SEO: search engine optimisation

CLS: CUMULATIVE LAYOUT SHIFT

check video:https://web.dev/cls/

we should have less amount of cls whereever possible.

CLS means that the amount of shifts happening when a page gets to load.
Example: when you open a website we see some content on top immediately and after 
few seconds the content we saw shifts downwards and some other gets displayed on top.


LCP:Largest Contetful Paint(LCP)

It is the render time of largest image or textbook.
in order to provide good user experience sites should have LCP of 2.5 seconds or less.
 
FID: First input delay.

It measurese the time it takes inorder to process the output when you press some
input button on a website.
in order to provide a good user experience sites should have First Input Delay of 
100milliseconds or less.

WHAT is a lighthouse and How to generate a light house report?

Light house will actually generate a report and tells you What can be improved in your 
HTML page.

Meta Descrpition and keywords:

Title: You can set the name of your title according to the content present in your website.
bcoz, when someone searches for a "pointers in c language" he can find your website 
based on your title name.

Meta desc tag:
The content which you write on a website in summarised and written in the Meta desc tag.
If you dont decalare a meta desc tag some search engines like Google,Bing,..  will 
take some of your content and print them in the meta description by default.

Basically when you search something on Google, You can see multiple website links
which are related to your search. Also below each and every link you can see some part of
content description which further is present inside the website.

That description in kept under the web link by meta desc tag..


