We used a video tag inside the body and we added an controls option so that we can use the 
options for video in our html page.

We got a big frame size of video.
So we added a width attribute with 555 value.

Also we can add height attribute instead of width attribute.

The src attribute is used to specify the path to a specific file.
The path can be either of local computer or from some third party website...

VIDEO TAG:

The controls attribute adds video controls, like play,pause, and volume. 

The autoplay attribute automatically plays the video when the page reloads.

The loop attribute will replay the video after its end.

The muted attribute will mute the video by default.

The poster attribute is given as shown in the code, poster= "filename.***"
It acts as an image for the video which is not started to play.
It specifies the image which is to be displayed for a video before it starts to play.

As controls attribute is placed inside the code we can place the attributes above:


AUDIO TAG:

The Audio tag is used in order to insert an audio into the page.
Also after specifing the source attribute we need to add controls in order to 
use the audio file.

The below mentioned attributes are same as above:

src 
controls
autoplay
loop 
muted   

preload attribute: Specified if and how the audio should be loaded when the page loads.
There are 3 values: none,metadata,auto

none - The browser does not load any data at all until playback is initiated (play button cliked)

metadata- Only metadata such as length and title is fetched. This enables the user agent to show

auto- This value will instruct the browser to preload the entire audio file as much as possible
without delaying the loading of other important page content.


When preload is auto , if we take an example of audio, here when ever we enter the page,
the audio is loaded before hand. When we click on  the play button immediately the audio is 
played.


SVG tag:
It consists of shape circke and color red here which have the border and color we gave.

ON BROWSER WE CAN SEE that
all the video,audio and svg tags are appered side by side.
so those all are inline elements.


IFRAME tag:
We can use this element in our HTML in order to embed another website in our website.
here we embedded codewithharry website in our html code.

We can click on share button on youtube web we get an option called embed. After clicking the 
option we see a link copy that link and past it in the url place in your code in svg tag.
we can also set the time from which we need to play our video.


